The President: Thank
you all very much.
I appreciate
you being here.
We have a number of bills
that we're signing and
things that we're
doing today.
It's a busy day.
And then I guess tonight
will be a rather
busy night.
We look forward to it.
I want to thank Majority
Leader Kevin McCarthy, who
has been a tremendous
friend to a lot of people.
He's done an amazing job.
And, Kevin, I want to
thank you for being here.
I very much appreciate it.
You had so much
to do with this.
I also want to thank
everyone else who's
with us today.
In fact, I have some
names, and I'll read some
of them off, because not
everybody knows everybody.
But we have
Leader McCarthy.
Representative
Barbara Comstock.
Lamar Smith -- thank
you, Lamar, very much.
I appreciate it.
Joni Ernst, who's been
a terrific,
terrific senator.
A very talented woman,
and a very good
military person.
A very good
And, Deb Fischer,
thank you very much.
Thanks.
We also have Senator
Barrasso and
Senator Boozman.
Joni, we said hello.
Deb, we said hello.
Heidi Heitkamp --
thank you, Heidi.
Senator Jim Inhofe.
Senator Pat Roberts.
Senator Dan Sullivan.
Representative Bob Gibbs.
Bill Shuster.
And Representative
Lamar Smith.
We really appreciate
you being here.
Of course, we have our
new SBA Director, Linda
McMahon, and
Secretary DeVos.
(Applause.)
So we have a lot of great talent.
Today I'm signing two
bills that promote women
entering and leading the
STEM fields -- science,
technology,
engineering, and math.
Currently, only 1 in every
4 women who gets a STEM
degree is working in a
STEM job, which is not
fair and it's not even
smart for the people that
aren't taking
advantage of it.
It's unacceptable that
we have so many American
women who have these
degrees but yet are not
being employed
in these fields.
So I think that's
going to change.
That's going to
change very rapidly.
Protecting women with STEM
degrees, and all Americans
with STEM degrees is very
important, but it also
means you have to crack
down on offshoring,
because the offshoring is
a tremendous problem that
displaces many of our
best American workers and
brains -- the brain power.
So I just want to thank
you all for being here.
Vice President Pence
always felt very, very
strongly about this
issue and many others.
And I appreciate -- Mike,
I appreciate
that very much.
And I'm going to sign this
right now, and I
want congratulate
everybody in the room.
And we have to
sign it today.
I know we have a lot of
things coming on later on,
but if we don't sign this
one and the next one
today, we have to start
the process all over
again, Joni, right?
(Laughter.)
So that's
why we're here.
Okay, thank you very much.
(Applause.)
The Press;
Big speech tonight?
The President: We
look forward to it.
Okay, I think we all
know what this is.
Even though somebody took
my notes, it makes
no difference.
(Laughter.)
Aide: It's
the second bill
you just read.
The President: It really
makes no difference.
But this is the second
bill that was signed, and
that's the H.R.
321, the INSPIRE
Women Act.
It ensures that the
existing NASA programs
recruit women to
STEM-related jobs and
aerospace careers.
Great news.
Really the way to go.
Very heavy into the
whole NASA situation.
So women will be a
big, big part of it. H.R.
255, the Promoting Women
in Entrepreneurship Act,
enables the National
Science Foundation to
support women inventors --
which there are many --
researchers, and
scientists in bringing
their discoveries to
the business world,
championing science and
entrepreneurship, and
creating new ways to
improve people's lives.
So important.
We need policies that
help support women in the
workforce, and that's
really very much going to
be addressed by my
administration over the
years, and to get more and
more of these bills coming
out, and address the
barriers faced by female
and those in STEM fields.
We want American women who
graduate from college with
STEM degrees to be able
to get STEM jobs that can
support their families and
help these American women
to live out the American
Dream, which they are so
qualified to live out.
So again, I want to thank
you all for being here.
Fantastic.
This is so important.
Thank you all
for being here.
Thank you folks.
Thank you all very much.
(applause)